aa	aar	aar	Afar
ab	abk	abk	Abkhazian
 	ace	ace	Achinese
 	ach	ach	Acoli
 	ada	ada	Adangme
 	afa	afa	Afro-Asiatic (Other)
 	afh	afh	Afrihili
af	afr	afr	Afrikaans
 	aka	aka	Akan
 	akk	akk	Akkadian
 	ale	ale	Aleut
 	alg	alg	Algonquian languages
am	amh	amh	Amharic
 	ang	ang	English, Old (ca. 450-1100)
 	apa	apa	Apache languages
ar	ara	ara	Arabic
 	arc	arc	Aramaic
 	arn	arn	Araucanian
 	arp	arp	Arapaho
 	art	art	Artificial (Other)
 	arw	arw	Arawak
as	asm	asm	Assamese
 	ath	ath	Athapascan languages
 	aus	aus	Australian languages
 	ava	ava	Avaric
ae	ave	ave	Avestan
 	awa	awa	Awadhi
ay	aym	aym	Aymara
az	aze	aze	Azerbaijani
 	bad	bad	Banda
 	bai	bai	Bamileke languages
ba	bak	bak	Bashkir
 	bal	bal	Baluchi
 	bam	bam	Bambara
 	ban	ban	Balinese
 	bas	bas	Basa
 	bat	bat	Baltic (Other)
 	bej	bej	Beja
be	bel	bel	Belarussian [Byelorussian]
 	bem	bem	Bemba
bn	ben	ben	Bengali [Bengali, Bangla]
 	ber	ber	Berber (Other)
 	bho	bho	Bhojpuri
bh	bih	bih	Bihari
 	bik	bik	Bikol
 	bin	bin	Bini
bi	bis	bis	Bislama
 	bla	bla	Siksika
 	bnt	bnt	Bantu (Other)
bo	bod	tib	Tibetan
bs	bos	bos	Bosnian
 	bra	bra	Braj
br	bre	bre	Breton
 	btk	btk	Batak (Indonesia)
 	bua	bua	Buriat
 	bug	bug	Buginese
bg	bul	bul	Bulgarian
 	cad	cad	Caddo
 	cai	cai	Central American Indian (Other)
 	car	car	Carib
ca	cat	cat	Catalan
 	cau	cau	Caucasian (Other)
 	ceb	ceb	Cebuano
 	cel	cel	Celtic (Other)
cs	ces	cze	Czech
ch	cha	cha	Chamorro
 	chb	chb	Chibcha
ce	che	che	Chechen
 	chg	chg	Chagatai
 	chk	chk	Chuukese
 	chm	chm	Mari
 	chn	chn	Chinook jargon
 	cho	cho	Choctaw
 	chp	chp	Chipewyan
 	chr	chr	Cherokee
cu	chu	chu	Church Slavic
cv	chv	chv	Chuvash
 	chy	chy	Cheyenne
 	cmc	cmc	Chamic languages
 	cop	cop	Coptic
kw	cor	cor	Cornish
co	cos	cos	Corsican
 	cpe	cpe	Creoles and pidgins, English-based (Other)
 	cpf	cpf	Creoles and pidgins, French-based (Other)
 	cpp	cpp	Creoles and pidgins, Portuguese-based (Other)
 	cre	cre	Cree
 	crp	crp	Creoles and pidgins (Other)
 	cus	cus	Cushitic (Other)
cy	cym	wel	Welsh
 	dak	dak	Dakota
da	dan	dan	Danish
 	day	day	Dayak
 	del	del	Delaware
 	den	den	Slave (Athapascan)
de	deu	ger	German
 	dgr	dgr	Dogrib
 	din	din	Dinka
 	div	div	Divehi
 	doi	doi	Dogri
 	dra	dra	Dravidian (Other)
 	dua	dua	Duala
 	dum	dum	Dutch, Middle (ca. 1050-1350)
 	dyu	dyu	Dyula
dz	dzo	dzo	Dzongkha [Bhutani]
 	efi	efi	Efik
 	egy	egy	Egyptian (Ancient)
 	eka	eka	Ekajuk
el	ell	gre	Greek, Modern (post 1453)
 	elx	elx	Elamite
en	eng	eng	English
 	enm	enm	English, Middle (1100-1500)
eo	epo	epo	Esperanto
et	est	est	Estonian
eu	eus	baq	Basque
 	ewe	ewe	Ewe
 	ewo	ewo	Ewondo
 	fan	fan	Fang
fo	fao	fao	Faroese
fa	fas	per	Persian
 	fat	fat	Fanti
fj	fij	fij	Fijian [Fiji]
fi	fin	fin	Finnish
 	fiu	fiu	Finno-Ugrian (Other)
 	fon	fon	Fon
fr	fra	fre	French
 	frm	frm	French, Middle (ca. 1400-1600)
 	fro	fro	French, Old (842-ca. 1400)
fy	fry	fry	Frisian
 	ful	ful	Fulah
 	fur	fur	Friulian
 	gaa	gaa	Ga
 	gay	gay	Gayo
 	gba	gba	Gbaya
 	gem	gem	Germanic (Other)
 	gez	gez	Geez
 	gil	gil	Gilbertese
gd	gla	gla	Gaelic (Scots) [Scots Gaelic]
ga	gle	gle	Irish
gl	glg	glg	Gallegan [Galician]
gv	glv	glv	Manx [Manx Gaelic]
 	gmh	gmh	German, Middle High (ca. 1050-1500)
 	goh	goh	German, Old High (ca. 750-1050)
 	gon	gon	Gondi
 	gor	gor	Gorontalo
 	got	got	Gothic
 	grb	grb	Grebo
 	grc	grc	Greek, Ancient (to 1453)
gn	grn	grn	Guarani
gu	guj	guj	Gujarati
 	gwi	gwi	Gwich'in
 	hai	hai	Haida
ha	hau	hau	Hausa
 	haw	haw	Hawaiian
he	heb	heb	Hebrew
hz	her	her	Herero
 	hil	hil	Hiligaynon
 	him	him	Himachali
hi	hin	hin	Hindi
 	hit	hit	Hittite
 	hmn	hmn	Hmong
ho	hmo	hmo	Hiri Motu
hr	hrv	scr	Croatian
hu	hun	hun	Hungarian
 	hup	hup	Hupa
hy	hye	arm	Armenian
 	iba	iba	Iban
 	ibo	ibo	Igbo
 	ijo	ijo	Ijo
iu	iku	iku	Inuktitut
ie	ile	ile	Interlingue
 	ilo	ilo	Iloko
ia	ina	ina	Interlingua (International Auxiliary Language Association)
 	inc	inc	Indic (Other)
id	ind	ind	Indonesian
 	ine	ine	Indo-European (Other)
ik	ipk	ipk	Inupiaq [Inupiak]
 	ira	ira	Iranian (Other)
 	iro	iro	Iroquoian languages
is	isl	ice	Icelandic
it	ita	ita	Italian
jw	jaw	jav	Javanese
ja	jpn	jpn	Japanese
 	jpr	jpr	Judeo-Persian
 	jrb	jrb	Judeo-Arabic
 	kaa	kaa	Kara-Kalpak
 	kab	kab	Kabyle
 	kac	kac	Kachin
kl	kal	kal	Kalaallisut [Greenlandic]
 	kam	kam	Kamba
kn	kan	kan	Kannada
 	kar	kar	Karen
ks	kas	kas	Kashmiri
ka	kat	geo	Georgian
 	kau	kau	Kanuri
 	kaw	kaw	Kawi
kk	kaz	kaz	Kazakh
 	kha	kha	Khasi
 	khi	khi	Khoisan (Other)
km	khm	khm	Khmer [Cambodian]
 	kho	kho	Khotanese
ki	kik	kik	Kikuyu
rw	kin	kin	Kinyarwanda
ky	kir	kir	Kirghiz
 	kmb	kmb	Kimbundu
 	kok	kok	Konkani
kv	kom	kom	Komi
 	kon	kon	Kongo
ko	kor	kor	Korean
 	kos	kos	Kosraean
 	kpe	kpe	Kpelle
 	kro	kro	Kru
 	kru	kru	Kurukh
kj	kua	kua	Kuanyama
 	kum	kum	Kumyk
ku	kur	kur	Kurdish
 	kut	kut	Kutenai
 	lad	lad	Ladino
 	lah	lah	Lahnda
 	lam	lam	Lamba
lo	lao	lao	Lao [Laothian]
la	lat	lat	Latin
lv	lav	lav	Latvian [Latvian, Lettish]
 	lez	lez	Lezghian
ln	lin	lin	Lingala
lt	lit	lit	Lithuanian
 	lol	lol	Mongo
 	loz	loz	Lozi
lb	ltz	ltz	Letzeburgesch [Luxembourgish]
 	lua	lua	Luba-Lulua
 	lub	lub	Luba-Katanga
 	lug	lug	Ganda
 	lui	lui	Luiseno
 	lun	lun	Lunda
 	luo	luo	Luo (Kenya and Tanzania)
 	lus	lus	Lushai
 	mad	mad	Madurese
 	mag	mag	Magahi
mh	mah	mah	Marshall
 	mai	mai	Maithili
 	mak	mak	Makasar
ml	mal	mal	Malayalam
 	man	man	Mandingo
 	map	map	Austronesian (Other)
mr	mar	mar	Marathi
 	mas	mas	Masai
 	mdr	mdr	Mandar
 	men	men	Mende
 	mga	mga	Irish, Middle (900-1200)
 	mic	mic	Micmac
 	min	min	Minangkabau
 	mis	mis	Miscellaneous languages
mk	mkd	mac	Macedonian
 	mkh	mkh	Mon-Khmer (Other)
mg	mlg	mlg	Malagasy
mt	mlt	mlt	Maltese
 	mnc	mnc	Manchu
 	mni	mni	Manipuri
 	mno	mno	Manobo languages
 	moh	moh	Mohawk
mo	mol	mol	Moldavian
mn	mon	mon	Mongolian
 	mos	mos	Mossi
mi	mri	mao	Maori
ms	msa	may	Malay
 	mul	mul	Multiple languages
 	mun	mun	Munda languages
 	mus	mus	Creek
 	mwr	mwr	Marwari
my	mya	bur	Burmese
 	myn	myn	Mayan languages
 	nah	nah	Nahuatl
 	nai	nai	North American Indian (Other)
na	nau	nau	Nauru
nv	nav	nav	Navajo
nr	nbl	nbl	Ndebele, South
nd	nde	nde	Ndebele, North
ng	ndo	ndo	Ndonga
ne	nep	nep	Nepali
 	new	new	Newari
 	nia	nia	Nias
 	nic	nic	Niger-Kordofanian (Other)
 	niu	niu	Niuean
nl	nld	dut	Dutch
nn	nno	nno	Norwegian Nynorsk
nb	nob	nob	Norwegian Bokmål
 	non	non	Norse, Old
no	nor	nor	Norwegian
 	nso	nso	Sotho, Northern
 	nub	nub	Nubian languages
ny	nya	nya	Chichewa; Nyanja
 	nym	nym	Nyamwezi
 	nyn	nyn	Nyankole
 	nyo	nyo	Nyoro
 	nzi	nzi	Nzima
oc	oci	oci	Occitan (post 1500); Provençal
 	oji	oji	Ojibwa
or	ori	ori	Oriya
om	orm	orm	Oromo [(Afan) Oromo]
 	osa	osa	Osage
os	oss	oss	Ossetian; Ossetic
 	ota	ota	Turkish, Ottoman (1500-1928)
 	oto	oto	Otomian languages
 	paa	paa	Papuan (Other)
 	pag	pag	Pangasinan
 	pal	pal	Pahlavi
 	pam	pam	Pampanga
pa	pan	pan	Panjabi [Punjabi]
 	pap	pap	Papiamento
 	pau	pau	Palauan
 	peo	peo	Persian, Old (ca. 600-400 B.C.)
 	phi	phi	Philippine (Other)
 	phn	phn	Phoenician
pi	pli	pli	Pali
pl	pol	pol	Polish
 	pon	pon	Pohnpeian
pt	por	por	Portuguese
 	pra	pra	Prakrit languages
 	pro	pro	ProvenÁal, Old (to 1500)
ps	pus	pus	Pushto [Pashto, Pushto]
qu	que	que	Quechua
 	raj	raj	Rajasthani
 	rap	rap	Rapanui
 	rar	rar	Rarotongan
 	roa	roa	Romance (Other)
rm	roh	roh	Raeto-Romance, [Rhaeto-Romance]
 	rom	rom	Romany
ro	ron	rum	Romanian
rn	run	run	Rundi
ru	rus	rus	Russian
 	sad	sad	Sandawe
sg	sag	sag	Sango [Sangho]
 	sah	sah	Yakut
 	sai	sai	South American Indian (Other)
 	sal	sal	Salishan languages
 	sam	sam	Samaritan Aramaic
sa	san	san	Sanskrit
 	sas	sas	Sasak
 	sat	sat	Santali
 	sco	sco	Scots
 	sel	sel	Selkup
 	sem	sem	Semitic (Other)
 	sga	sga	Irish, Old (to 900)
 	sgn	sgn	Sign languages
 	shn	shn	Shan
 	sid	sid	Sidamo
si	sin	sin	Sinhalese [Singhalese]
 	sio	sio	Siouan languages
 	sit	sit	Sino-Tibetan (Other)
 	sla	sla	Slavic (Other)
sk	slk	slo	Slovak
sl	slv	slv	Slovenian
se	sme	sme	Northern Sami
 	smi	smi	Sami languages Other
sm	smo	smo	Samoan
sn	sna	sna	Shona
sd	snd	snd	Sindhi
 	snk	snk	Soninke
 	sog	sog	Sogdian
so	som	som	Somali
 	son	son	Songhai
st	sot	sot	Sotho, Southern [Sesotho]
es	spa	spa	Spanish
sq	sqi	alb	Albanian
sc	srd	srd	Sardinian
sr	srp	scc	Serbian
 	srr	srr	Serer
 	ssa	ssa	Nilo-Saharan (Other)
ss	ssw	ssw	Swati
 	suk	suk	Sukuma
su	sun	sun	Sundanese
 	sus	sus	Susu
 	sux	sux	Sumerian
sw	swa	swa	Swahili
sv	swe	swe	Swedish
 	syr	syr	Syriac
ty	tah	tah	Tahitian
 	tai	tai	Tai (Other)
ta	tam	tam	Tamil
tt	tat	tat	Tatar
te	tel	tel	Telugu
 	tem	tem	Timne
 	ter	ter	Tereno
 	tet	tet	Tetum
tg	tgk	tgk	Tajik
tl	tgl	tgl	Tagalog
th	tha	tha	Thai
 	tig	tig	Tigre
 	tir	tir	Tigrinya
 	tiv	tiv	Tiv
 	tkl	tkl	Tokelau
 	tli	tli	Tlingit
 	tmh	tmh	Tamashek
 	tog	tog	Tonga (Nyasa)
 	ton	ton	Tonga (Tonga Islands)
 	tpi	tpi	Tok Pisin
 	tsi	tsi	Tsimshian
tn	tsn	tsn	Tswana
ts	tso	tso	Tsonga
tk	tuk	tuk	Turkmen
 	tum	tum	Tumbuka
tr	tur	tur	Turkish
 	tut	tut	Altaic (Other)
 	tvl	tvl	Tuvalu
tw	twi	twi	Twi
 	tyv	tyv	Tuvinian
 	uga	uga	Ugaritic
ug	uig	uig	Uighur
uk	ukr	ukr	Ukrainian
 	umb	umb	Umbundu
 	und	und	Undetermined
ur	urd	urd	Urdu
uz	uzb	uzb	Uzbek
 	vai	vai	Vai
 	ven	ven	Venda
vi	vie	vie	Vietnamese
vo	vol	vol	Volap¸k
 	vot	vot	Votic
 	wak	wak	Wakashan languages
 	wal	wal	Walamo
 	war	war	Waray
 	was	was	Washo
 	wen	wen	Sorbian languages
wo	wol	wol	Wolof
xh	xho	xho	Xhosa
 	yao	yao	Yao
 	yap	yap	Yapese
yi	yid	yid	Yiddish
 	yor	yor	Yoruba
 	ypk	ypk	Yupik languages
 	zap	zap	Zapotec
 	zen	zen	Zenaga
za	zha	zha	Zhuang
zh	zho	chi	Chinese
 	znd	znd	Zande
zu	zul	zul	Zulu
 	zun	zun	Zuni
